README.md, before:

# NoDoS DoS protection
In-line, on device DoS protection.

## Requirements
### Windows
* Install Python [from here](<https://www.python.org/downloads/>)
* Install Docker Desktop [from here](<https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/windows-install/>)

### Linux
* Install `python` from your package manager
* Install `docker` and `docker-compose-plugin` from your package manager (these package name may vary depending on your distribution)

## Running the program
### Getting the code
First clone

The following commands should be executed in the working directory of this project.<br>


### Running the database
To run the database execute the command `docker compose up -d`.<br>
This will run the MySQL instance, accessible via port 3306 on the host.


### Running the proxy
#### Creating a virtual environment
If you are doing this from within an IDE look for somewhere to change your python environment.<br>
If it is not immediately obvious what to do ask google how do use a venv in YOUR IDE.<br>
Opt for creating a new one when asked.<br>

If you are doing this at the command line, follow the following instructions.<br>
##### Windows (use powershell)
* First create the virtual environment by executing the command `python -m venv .venv`
* Activate the virtual environment `.\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1`

##### Linux
* First create the virtual environment by executing the command `python3 -m venv .venv`
* Activate the virtual environment `source ./.venv/bin/activate`

#### Executing the program
Once in a virtual environment you first need to install all of the python dependencies.<br>
To do this execute the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

Then to run the proxy execute the command `python main.py`.

Out of the box, the proxy will not have any server to forward data to/from.<br>
An easy way to run a server to test with is with the `python -m http.server` command.

Commit message:

Begin writing FastAPI backend Endpoints for both creating and deleting proxy instances in place ProxyManager class for managing proxies thread safe Modified README.md Move config.py to root so admin panel and proxies can access
TODO:
    - Endpoint for viewing all running instances including status
    - Create database schema then hook up configs and such

README.md, after:

# NoDoS DoS protection
In-line, on device DoS protection.

## Requirements
### Windows
* Install Python [from here](<https://www.python.org/downloads/>)
* Install Docker Desktop [from here](<https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/windows-install/>)

### Linux
* Install `python` from your package manager
* Install `docker` and `docker-compose-plugin` from your package manager (these package name may vary depending on your distribution)

## Running the program
### Getting the code
First clone

The following commands should be executed in the working directory of this project.<br>


### Running the database
To run the database execute the command `docker compose up -d`.<br>
This will run the MySQL instance, accessible via port 3306 on the host.


### Running the proxy
#### Creating a virtual environment
If you are doing this from within an IDE look for somewhere to change your python environment.<br>
If it is not immediately obvious what to do ask google how do use a venv in YOUR IDE.<br>
Opt for creating a new one when asked.<br>

If you are doing this at the command line, follow the following instructions.<br>
##### Windows (use powershell)
* First create the virtual environment by executing the command `python -m venv .venv`
* Activate the virtual environment `.\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1`

##### Linux
* First create the virtual environment by executing the command `python3 -m venv .venv`
* Activate the virtual environment `source ./.venv/bin/activate`

#### Executing the program
Once in a virtual environment you first need to install all of the python dependencies.<br>
To do this execute the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

Then to run the admin panel (which spawns the proxies) in one terminal execute the command `python main.py`.<br>

Out of the box, the proxy will not have any server to forward data to/from.<br>
An easy way to run a server to test with is with the `python -m http.server [PORT]` command.
